Nian Nian was given up
miss
Hmph, it's you mother and daughter again
Really inferior
Slightly hard to change
Mom, look at Lin Nian Nian just smashed my face with fruit
I'm wearing makeup
Oops, our Xueqin is hurt.
Don't worry.
Mom is angry for you
Li Hong
It is a gift to you that we Xueqing let you stay.
How do you make your life wild?
The seeds also brought it to our house
Madam, not so
If you hadn't forced me to come for Xueqing
I will never step into your home
What nonsense are you talking about?
We Xueqing hate you so much that we will invite you to come
Then you have to ask your baby girl.
What kind of evil is he thinking?
Nini, stop talking
The eldest lady is a good boy, you can't say that about him
Lin Nian Nian doesn't even help your own mother
Ma Lin Nian Nian is also from the design department of the Los Angeles Group
I kindly invited him to play today
Who knew he went crazy and hit me with fruit
Everyone can testify
Madam, it's not your fault.
It was my fault.
If you want to punish, punish me
Oops, get up
I didn't expect you to be a wild girl
With some talent
Enter our Roselle Group
But people like you
They don't deserve to agree with our blood relatives.
You were fired from the Roselle Group
Mom, that's not enough
People like Lin Nian Nian?
The profession of designer should not be tarnished
Exactly.
Pass my order
Start today.
Our design industry completely blocks the concept
If you are Jiangzhou
Whoever dares to use it belongs to me Ye Qingmei as the enemy
Why?
Why am I the chief designer of Jiangzhou?
With our Roselle Group
It is a leader in the design industry in Jiangzhou
With our Luo family
It is the first family in Jiangzhou
madam
I can't offer you Niannian Niannian, he's very talented
The manuscript he designed is particularly beautiful
What talent can your wild girl have?
Wow
Your mother belongs to Shimin